feat(cli): Add http sink tls cert/key to `config::watcher` (#22386)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22386_extend_watcher_paths.enhancement.md

> extract tls crt and key file from http sinks to add them to the watcher list and therefore let vector restart on change on those files. This should allow extension to other sinks and file, and might be adaptable for enrichment tables as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS `crt_file` and `key_file` from `http` sinks are now part of the watcher list and therefore they are reloaded on Vector restart.
```
